Data Details and Source
The data to be displayed in the front end are as follows
Basic User Details
Address
Bank Details
Additional Info
Consent
Fatca
Income details
Nominee
Poa information
Pricing plan
Segment plan
Any other data found in comtek not present in profile.

The above data should be populated from the profile service.
 Functional Details
The UI should provide the ability for the operations team to 
Search
Search customer info based on ucc/pan/name/mobile number and email id
Search should populate the UI with the data as described here
The back-end for this search feature and populate data would be profile backend.
Raise Modify/Change Requests
Modify/Change customer info based on offline requests from the customer.
Types of request accepted are as follows
Name Modification
DOB Modification    
Gender Modification
Marital Status Modification    
Father/Spouse Name Modification    
DDPI/EDIS Updation and Modification
Brokerage Details Modification
Email & Mobile Modification in case of access lost/fraudulent cases
All Modifications associated with NRI and Non Individual accounts
Bank Delink request (via email)
Additional Demat details Updation
Proof Details Updation/Modification
 Exchange Details Modification
Operations users should be able to raise a request for the request types mentioned in point 2.
Multiple Fields can be modified in one request and each field will have its own Success/Rejected response. The fields that can be modified will be constrained by the change request type.
Should be able to accept scanned documents for upload.
Requests raised will be sent to the backend and then to the growth systems for action.
A Success/Rejected/Partial_Success response will bring the request to completion.
Once the request is successful, the data will be then sent to the profile for update.
The data will be modified only on Success/Partial_Success response based on the field/s 
List Change Requests
Search Change Requests based on ucc/pan/name/mobile number and email id.
Filter based on request types.
Authentication And Authorization
Authentication should be SSO based and should maintain a session based on JWT token
Authorization should be a tiered one having 
Supervisor
Approve requests
Operator
Raise requests.
Admin
Assign Roles.
ReadOnly
Read Only Access.
Maker Checker
The Front End should provide for maker-checker process. Once the request is raised by Operator and approved by Supervisor, only then the request will be raised,